what's going on guys my name is Matt I'm
support sock and welcome back to another
GTA online video today you're gonna see
how you can go and make your own self
radio station on GTA online PC you're
gonna see here to go to your Documents
folder you're gonna go over to GTA 5 you
can go through those folders to user
music and once you do that you're gonna
see here I have some songs in there
already I have duplicates obviously so
all you need to do is go ahead and drop
your songs into this user music folder
under Rockstar Games GTA 5 it's very
simple whatever music you want to use
you can go ahead and drop in there
usually you should use an mp3 format I'm
not sure if other formats work but I
would stick to mp3s if you can mostly
most likely your music will be mp3s
now one disclaimer I want to put out
early in this video because this is a
problem I ran into ran into multiple
times you may have to launch GTA 5
several times before this works
sometimes it just doesn't seem to work
for whatever reason and self radio will
not appear it I'll show you that I ran
into that trouble once here and I'll
show you that very early on just so you
guys know about that it might not work
the first time so you go here go to
audio radio station you're gonna see
here that I don't actually have self
radio and that's that's how it should be
first of all what you want to do is
perform quick scan for music and then
perform a full scan for music and the
self radio then should show up however
you're gonna see here that I think the
first time I did it right here it
doesn't work sometimes if you go to
story mode it'll work better because
here here I still don't have self radio
I just did for firm a full scan for
music and I do have those music files in
my user music and for whatever reason it
doesn't work and you can see here that
actually to go ahead and log back in and
once I went to my car I did the perform
full scan through music again once you
go to settings here you got to go to
audio obviously and once I did that
right here you're gonna see I go ahead
and do it one more time just to make
sure I'm not missing anything and then
it should go and have self radio just
hear what their self radio works then I
can turn my music volume up because a
lot of the songs in this game are
actually copyrighted which I can't play
for you but you're gonna see here I will
let it play out the music does work you
can turn the music volume up as your own
radio you can obviously put a bunch of
songs in there whatever you want I just
put one of my commentaries as well as
the song that you guys hear my videos a
lot
it's called Eric's Nova as you're gonna
see right here I have the commentary
that I did as my radio station so check
it out talk and welcome back to another
video today I got some Grand Theft Auto
for you guys I know
is new to my channel I know if you're
here new you probably haven't seen this
before on my channel I'm a zombie in
clash of clans kind of guy but today you
know your songs in order you can have
like a regular radio where it shuffles
them random mode and then radio mode
there they actually have commentators
over the radio as well for your own
radio station it's so it's pretty cool
you can load in your music there and
actually put the music on for GTA 5 your
GTA 5 youtuber you can go ahead and
actually listen to the music since it's
not copyrighted if you put non
copyrighted songs in there so there you
go all you listen to it and if you
enjoyed the video please give it a big
thumbs up make sure you subscribe to my
channel maybe posting more GTA 5 on PC a
lot of online funny moments and stuff
like that so if you want to see that go
ahead and subscribe we'll see you guys
all later thanks for watching peace this
game absolutely go watch out below it's
awesome it's do it is by far the best
drivers I've seen you know